
SoundToys Native Effects VST RTAS 3.1.2

Six of our hottest selling, warmest sounding plug-ins for only $495.00. All designed by effects fanatics with huge stacks of hardware and the experience to back it up. Full versions of EchoBoy, FilterFreak, Speed, PhaseMistress, Tremolator and Crystallizer.


This is the effects rack you've have been waiting for. SoundToys Native Effects gives your mixes that pro quality, fat analog sound without the fat kick in the wallet. Our hottest selling, warmest sounding plug-ins for only $495.00. All designed by effects fanatics with huge stacks of hardware (Heh, we said huge hardware) and the experience to back it up. Our engineers changed the world of effects when they designed the classic H3000 studio effects box, and keep pushing to bring you cool freakin' tools that get you the "sound". Add some spice and flavor to your mixes now.
Warm and Tasty

SoundToys is renowned for our analog emulations, our level of quality, and our real love for great effects. With this bundle, we wanted Native users to be able to mix it up with the big boys. We analyzed all the top studio effects and painstakingly recreated those sounds in our plug-ins so you would have it all at your fingertips (without going broke on eBay). And, these are full versions, not stripped down special "Lite" versions.
Classic Sound - Modern Mojo

Yeah, we got the great classic sound of hardware, but we didn't stop there. Besides adding many of the great features from the cool old gear, we've stepped it up with some modern enhancements. MIDI sync (of course), multiple mod types, tons of presets, and our exclusive Rhythm Mode. Create killer rhythmic effects with groove and feel controls to fit your music. These effects are designed to be played. Create, experiment, push the limits.

Unbeatable Value.

With full versions of acclaimed effects like EchoBoy and FilterFreak this bundle is already a smokin' value. You also get Speed (Pro Tools only), our pro quality time compression & expansion and pitch-shifting tool (how much are the other time comp plugs?). Then there's PhaseMistress the fat classic sounding rhythmic phase shifter, Tremolator for smooth tremolo and outrageous programmable auto-gate, and Crystallizer retro pitch-shifting reverse echo... well there's just no competition.